you'd have to be one top and
hungry animal to try to make a
meal out of a venomous western
diamondback rattlesnake
after all this North American
desert dweller is one of the
most dangerous snakes in the
world
it's bite is loaded with
hemotoxic venom and this can
cause considerable pain and
tissue damage in any creature it
sinks its fangs into
enter
red tail hawk with a wingspan
reaching nearly five feet
it's one of the largest cock
species in the world
the bird of prey waste no time
it swoops right in to make a
quick meal out of the snake a
rattler is instantly on guard
it sounds it's trademarked
warning sticker
now check out this matador move
the red tail hawk is trying to
divert the Rattler get it to
strike its wing feathers and
expose its head
the hawk jumps the Rattler and
digs in its talons the issue of
which animal is the superior
predator is quickly established
the hawk make short work of the
rat
and short work produces a long
enjoyable meal
yeah